Atlanta
Atlanta is one of the South Eastern cities and
it has lots of old suburban areas that are
waiting to be demolished. Payment is not very
high but prices and insurance cost are low.

Baltimore
Baltimore is near Washington and it has lots of
office buildings and old mansions. Insurance
cost and price levels are high because it's so
close to Washington, but the payment level is
quite good. 
Chicago 
Chicago is the USA's centre of transportation
and there is a lot of job to do. There are all
kind of buildings to be demolished. Payment is
average but insurance costs are low, and prices
are normal. 
Dallas
Dallas is a busy city that has numbers of
office buildings and many suburban areas. 
Insurance prices are notably high, but the
payment is also very good. Equipment prices are
quite high. 
Detroit 
Detroit is known as "Motor City" and it has
large industrial capacity, and many old
factories will be your working places. Loosely
built, good payments. Prices are of normal
rate. 
Houston 
Houston is a very modern city which replaces
old buildings quickly. There are lots of tall
buildings and they are built quite closely.
High insurance and equipment prices, but the
payments are from top of the scale.
Indianapolis 
Indianapolis is a large city that has many
vehicle factories. The customers are demanding
and insurance prices are high, but the payment
is good. Equipment prices are normal. 

Los Angeles 
Los Angeles is a widely spread city which has
all kind of buildings, including skyscrapers
and warehouses. The wages are high and so is
the insurance. Equipment prices are quite high.

Miami 
One of the Southmost cities of USA, Miami is
very popular among old people who build 
mansions to the coast. Payment level is not
very high but the insurance and equipment cost
levels are also adequate. 
New York
New York is one of the largest cities. It has
many tall buildings that are built very
closely. A hard place to work, but profit is
good. Equipment and insurance prices are medium
level.
Philadelphia
Philadelphia has almost two million residents.
Lots of suburban areas and flats, quite loosely
built. Demanding but well paying customers.
Price level and insurance costs are medium.

Pine Bluff
Pine Bluff is a non-important place that isn't
noticed even on some large-scale road charts.
You can begin from here and if you fail, nobody
knows it. 

Seattle 
Seattle has some very tall buildings, but also
many suburban areas with old buildings. Payment
level is reasonable, but the insurance costs
tend to be quite high. Equipment cost is higher
than the medium.
Washington
This is the USAs capital city. You can find
suburban areas and many old office buildings
from this city. Insurance prices are very high,
and so are the equipment prices, and the
payment is not so good.
